MONGOOSE 

HOMEPAGE
OUR CLIENTS
ABOUT US
CAREERS
CONTACT US        

Giant panda

Common Name: Giant Panda
Scientific Name: Ailuropoda melanoleuca
Type: Mammals					
Diet: Omnivores					
Average life span in The Wild: 20 years			
Size: 4 to 5 ft				
Weight: 300 lbs						
Size relative to a 6-ft man:
                                                                                
"Panda" redirects here. For other uses, see Panda (disambiguation). "Panda bear" redirects here. For the musician, see Panda Bear (musician). For the album, see Panda Bear (album).


The giant panda (Ailuropoda melanoleuca, literally "black and white cat-foot"; Chinese: ÓÞê¨ÙÞ; pinyin: da xiong m?o, literally "big bear cat"),[3] also known as panda bear or simply panda, is a bear[4] native to south central China.[1] It is easily recognized by the large, distinctive black patches around its eyes, over the ears, and across its round body. The name "giant panda" is sometimes used to distinguish it from the unrelated red panda. Though it belongs to the order Carnivora, the giant panda's diet is over 99% bamboo.[5] Giant pandas in the wild will occasionally eat other grasses, wild tubers, or even meat in the form of birds, rodents or carrion. In captivity, they may receive honey, eggs, fish, yams, shrub leaves, oranges, or bananas along with specially prepared food.[6][7] The giant panda lives in a few mountain ranges in central China, mainly in Sichuan province, but also in neighbouring Shaanxi and Gansu.[8] As a result of farming, deforestation, and other development, the giant panda has been driven out of the lowland areas where it once lived.


MORE


About the Giant Panda

The giant panda has an insatiable appetite for bamboo. A typical animal eats half the day?a full 12 out of every 24 hours?and relieves itself dozens of times a day. It takes 28 pounds of bamboo to satisfy a giant panda's daily dietary needs, and it hungrily plucks the stalks with elongated wrist bones that function rather like thumbs. Pandas will sometimes eat birds or rodents as well.



Wild pandas live only in remote, mountainous regions in central China. These high bamboo forests are cool and wet?just as pandas like it. They may climb as high as 13,000 feet to feed on higher slopes in the summer


UNTITLED. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. | PHOTOS BY FOTOGRPH | DESIGN BY TEMPLATED.





                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            